DOC-3243: TinyMCE 8.4.0 Release Documentation and Community Changelog. (#4040)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.4.0-release-notes.adoc

[[overview]]
== Overview

{productname} {release-version} was released for {enterpriseversion} and {cloudname} on Tuesday, March 31^st^, 2026. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {productname} {release-version}, including:

* xref:new-premium-plugins[New Premium plugins]
* xref:accompanying-premium-plugin-changes[Accompanying Premium plugin changes]
* xref:accompanying-enhanced-skins-and-icon-packs-changes[Accompanying Enhanced Skins & Icon Packs changes]
* xref:improvements[Improvements]
* xref:additions[Additions]
* xref:changes[Changes]
* xref:bug-fixes[Bug fixes]
* xref:security-fixes[Security fixes]
* xref:known-issues[Known issues]

[[new-premium-plugin]]
== New Premium plugin

The following new Premium plugin was released alongside {productname} {release-version}.

=== TinyMCE AI

**TinyMCE AI** is the new premium AI platform for {productname}: faster drafting and stronger editing workflows with a ready-to-use AI features - now available as both a plug-and-play plugin and an API for custom integrations.

> The platform centers on three experiences that mirror what teams expect from modern AI writing tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform centers on three experiences that meet expectations from modern AI writing tools:
```

* image:icons-premium/ai-assistant.svg[Chat icon,24px] **Chat**: Contextual conversations, persistent history, and help that understands the document.
* image:icons-premium/ai-review.svg[Review icon,24px] **Review**: Proofreading and structured quality passes for longer content and editorial standards.
* image:icons/ai-prompt.svg[Quick Actions icon,24px] **Actions**: Quick, repeatable transformations for everyday tasks (tone, length, clarity, and more).

> Behind the UI sits a production-ready **TinyMCE AI API** with JWT authentication, granular permissions, and multiple models, which is also available for use within the editor or without - in your broader application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behind the UI sits a production-ready **TinyMCE AI API** with JWT authentication, granular permissions, and multiple models, which is also available for use in your broader application.
```
